From TimeAndDate Website:

 Ronaldo
 Jada Pinkett Smith
 James Gandolfini
 Greta Garbo
 Samuel Johnson

From Britannica Website:

American lawyer Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who was the second woman to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court (1993–2020), died at age 87. Why are there nine justices on the U.S. Supreme Court?Steve Petteway/Collection of the Supreme Court of the United States
Scottish voters rejected a referendum that would have made Scotland an independent country. Test your knowledge of U.K. geographySam Kovak/Alamy
For the second straight day, Typhoon Nari pounded Taiwan with record rainfalls, causing massive flooding and killing 79 people. Sort fact from fiction in our natural disasters quiz
American rock guitarist and singer Jimi Hendrix—who fused American traditions of blues, jazz, rock, and soul with techniques of British avant-garde rock to redefine the electric guitar in his own image—died of an overdose of barbiturates in London. Is 27 an especially deadly age for musicians?©Stormarn/Dreamstime.com
Japanese astronomers Ikeya Kaoru and Seki Tsutomu discovered Comet Ikeya-Seki. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz about space objectsRoger Lynds/NOAO/AURA/NSF
UN Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjöld died in a plane crash that generated much speculation; a 2017 investigation found that “it appears plausible that an external attack or threat may have been a cause of the crash.”JO/UN Photo
A local communist commander seized power in Madiun, Indonesia, as part of a rebellion effort against the Sukarno government in an incident known as the Madiun Affair. Take our plots and revolutions quizFred Mayer/Magnum Photos
Canadian ice hockey coach Scotty Bowman, who won a record nine Stanley Cups as a head coach in the National Hockey League, was born. Test your knowledge of cold weather games© Marty Ellis/Shutterstock.com
Actress Greta Garbo—who was best known for her portrayals of strong-willed heroines, most of them as compellingly enigmatic as herself—was born in Stockholm. Take our women in classic cinema quizCulver Pictures
British forces under Sir Horatio Herbert Kitchener confronted French forces commanded by Jean-Baptiste Marchand at the disputed fort of Fashoda in the Egyptian Sudan.BBC Hulton Picture Library
Booker T. Washington declared the Atlanta Compromise—a classic statement on race relations—in a speech at the Atlanta (Georgia) Exposition. Read about 10 milestones in U.S. civil rights historyLibrary of Congress, Washington, D.C.
Bulgarian nationalists in Eastern Rumelia mounted a coup and declared the province's unification with Bulgaria, leading to the Serbo-Bulgarian War. Take our quiz about the history of warfare
French physicist Jean-Bernard-Léon Foucault, who introduced and helped develop a technique of measuring with extreme accuracy the absolute velocity of light and provided experimental proof that Earth rotates on its axis, was born. Sort fact from fiction in our physics quizGiraudon/Art Resource, New York
